all right folks welcome back
this lesson i'm going to talk about
the
idea of multiple setups inside of the
trading sessions so there's a morning
session and there's a pm session when
you're working with the new york
index features
if you look at the
market in terms of
a split day
the new york lunch hour between noon
and 1 o'clock p.m new york local time
8 30 in morning
to noon that's essentially the morning
session
there can be multiple setups inside of
that now some of the things i've noticed
in
the comment sections of the videos
some viewers and students are asking
what do i mean by multiple setups like
what does it look like
and i kind of want to touch a little bit
on that tonight
also i want to
give you a little bit more perspective
on how you can look for additional ways
of trading
what it is i'm sharing here if we look
at the
s p futures mini contract for june 2022
you can see we recently traded up
above the relative equal highs
so
buy stops and buy side liquidity were
resting right above here
so as the market drove above that we
always have the likelihood of seeing it
continue going higher
but whenever it goes above
relative equal highs and then we get a
swing high like this that being the high
here
lower than the higher candle here and
the next candle after this candle it has
a lower high as well so it's
a swing high not to be confused with a
fractal
that's used like an mt4
okay that
is not what i'm talking about okay that
takes more candles to make it and by
then five candles later it's just
you've already missed the move
so swing high here since this candle
closes the next day i'm looking for
something to create an opportunity to go
short
so we could be anticipating a open here
rally power three which is what i
already taught on the youtube channel
the accumulation manipulation
distribution
and then
incorporating
the next level of analysis which is
understanding whether we're going to be
in a premium or discount market now
obviously we're on a premium market
we're above old highs here we really
stretched out on the outside
from this high if we start to go lower
this down close candle is your bullish
order block
okay
the idea of it trading into that down
closed candle once it goes above these
highs that's favorable that's something
that could potentially happen
now obviously i have the benefit of
hindsight here but i promise you if you
if you study what i'm teaching you
you'll see this repeating okay
so the market does in fact trade down
into this down closed candle that is
your bullish order block but i want to
go inside this particular day here which
is obviously friday
and we're looking at
the internals behind what it is i'm
trying to teach you and how you can find
multiple setups inside of each
respective session the morning session
and the pm session
all right so here is the hourly chart on
the s p futures mini contract for june
and i kind of like wanna
bring your mindset back into what we're
looking for
and that is
the power three we're looking for an
expansion move direction higher or lower
in this case we're looking for it to go
lower
because we have
the daily bullish order block level that
line here
level 4504
and look at the lay of the land okay
what is it that we see also in the price
action well go to the left you can see
we have a relative equal lows we have
this low
and we have this low here so they're
relatively equal not exactly that's why
i named them relatively equal lows
the idea of liquidity resting below here
by itself without the order block is
likely but it's further
likely
if we have a discount array which is
that bullish order block on the daily
chart
so we have multiple factors here leading
to the likelihood of this area being
probed for
the purpose of pairing liquidity the
cell stops basically being rated
initially in the morning we were seeing
the market trade higher higher higher
higher
and then
we broke lower attacking the sell side
liquidity here and then aggressively
running into the daily bullish order
block
i want you to take a look at this
framework from this high down this low
and this being a fulcrum point that
being
if this high trades
to this low and we break this low how
far can we go down i'm going to touch on
that in the next slide but for right now
i want you to think about how the
opening price what's the opening price
well there's two
if you're trading index futures the
opening price is midnight at new york
time
and that's this candle here that's the
opening price here and then there's
another opening price at 8 30 in the
morning the opening price
in the candle that begins 8 30. it
doesn't matter what candle you use i see
a lot of questions popping up about that
like what's the opening price and what
can we use
as soon as you have
8 30
beginning a new candle it could be a one
minute candle it could be a three minute
candle
an hourly candle 15 minute candle
whatever that opening price is that's
what you want to note at 8 30.
so if you're bearish
ideally you want to see
the market trade above that opening
price this is going to be manipulation
okay
the manipulation is the running above
a key level when we are bearish we're
expecting this to go lower
all of this is basically
market protraction where it's a judas
swing okay the market's going in the
opposing direction that it's likely to
go to
later in the day so later in the day we
expect this to go lower where is it
going to go below this low if it
accelerates below this low where could
it go
below here okay then we have the bullish
order block on the daily chart so we
have a lot of things coming together
that draw on a great deal of
probabilities
now probabilities are not
absolute
guarantees okay that that's not the case
in trading if that was the case i would
never take a losing trade you would
never take a losing trade we wouldn't
need you stop losses and be great but
unfortunately
we have to contend with risk
that being the case
we have to at least
build the idea around the likelihood of
a scenario unfolding but
being prepared
if it doesn't
so
if this market is opening
here at midnight and it starts to rally
we can anticipate this selling off but
if it can sell off from here and trade
below this low
how much further can it go below these
relative equal lows obviously we have
the daily bullish order block level here
right here
now let me take you back up real quick
that's this level here the opening price
on this down close candle that's the
order block
extending that line out in time you end
up with this on the hourly chart so we
drop down into that level and look at
the reaction there it's nice isn't it
so
going below this low that's the initial
target then reaching below the relative
equal lows over here because that's
where cell cell equity is going to be
residing then tapping into that bullish
order block on the daily chart
but how much further can we go below
that level
how far
beyond the actual order block level
can we go
well i'm going to zoom in on a 15-minute
time frame i've already taught this in
other lectures but i want to revisit it
here because
this is what you're looking for when
you're doing your analysis when
everything starts to show a willingness
to want to go lower how do we know it's
going to go lower well we have the swing
low here
decisively broken see that this low
broken heart
then we trade back up into the imbalance
here so the fair value gap we trade up
into it here at this point we anticipate
the candles
past this or the new forming candles to
trade lower and trade below this low and
if it does go below this low we're
looking at this price point here that
low as a fulcrum point
that being
measuring this high down to that low
that same measurement of
distance and we expect that projected
lower
okay so this is my swing trading model
and i'm applying it to targeting
so the way you do it is you take your
fibonacci and you anchor it to the
highest
body it could be open or closed it
doesn't make a difference
but you anchor it on that notice i'm not
putting on the high here
and i'm doing the same thing with the
lowest open or closed in this swing low
this retracement up
i'm measuring
the distance in terms of range
with the bodies of the candles the first
time i taught this on youtube i had a
lot of folks scratching their head and
many trolls saying he doesn't even know
how to use a fib
i'm showing you how the algorithm is
going to read the price okay the wicks
and the tails
are all distractions
that's all going to be
largely attributed to what the
if you're especially if you're trading
with 4x and obviously i'm aware that
this is not 4x but
i learned this through
the models that i employ with
forex
now it's a carryover in terms of
analysis because you can apply it here
as well
it wasn't always like this
when there was open outcry only and
there was no electronic trading this
wasn't
as pure as you're going to see and has
it's been shown in the past by me in
other videos and examples but
by having a measurement from the highest
body in this swing up in this swing low
the lowest body that means the lowest
open or closed okay i'm anchoring the
fib on that
the settings on the fibonacci i have
included here and these are the ones
that's highlighted for this
illustration so below this low we're
looking for it to run into sell side
so if it goes below this low and
aggressively expands lower
this could be your next target 45
14 and a half
if it goes below this one
we can anticipate it trading down to
what
45 0 1 and a quarter
now the question you're going to
probably have in your mind is okay this
is all fine and great but how do we know
which one to pick ict if you put a
thousand lines on your chart ict
eventually they're gonna somebody's
gonna see one of those levels get hit
and then you're gonna make a video and
say see how smart i am
i've seen all of your arguments i've
seen that kind of stuff tossed around in
the forums and such so
if we look at the idea that
that 45 04 and a quarter
is just below what level
that daily bullish order block
at 4504
well
at 4504 and we're getting a measurement
down here
that means we could see it trade down to
that level here now if you look up here
at this level right there that low is
exactly the candles low right there
don't take my word for it go over to
trading view
pull up the june contract for 2022
e-mini s p
that is your daily low
you can't predict daily highs and lows
ict
that's impossible
well
it is possible if you understand the
elements that these algorithms operate
under and my question to you is can you
get any better than that
is there any other measurement
in terms of precision that gets you any
closer to forty five zero one and a
quarter
not when the low is forty five
zero one and a quarter
look at the reaction there now the order
block level is just right here
but it stabs down into
what the algorithm is going to measure
so there's the order block it wants to
go down to it anyway there's relative
equal lows it knows there's liquidity
down there and you have the measurement
so the precision element is only going
to be beneficial if you have all the
other narrative incorporated with your
analysis that being the market's likely
to go lower
because we ran out those relative equal
highs on the daily chart
we created this swing high we broke
lower aggressively we're likely to trade
in that daily bullish order block then
we have this retracement here
it completely closes in all the
imbalance that's between this low and
this high of that candle it rebalanced
all that and then
we roll over here's that gap i mentioned
trades up into that we anticipate what
the candles after this candle closes
we want to see acceleration to the
downside we get it
the market starts working lower lower
and finally right on a dime
that candle
is that low
and that's your swing projection i teach
in this youtube channel
you will not get that measurement
if you use this swing high in that swing
low
that's why everybody that uses fibonacci
struggles
oh fibonacci is a joke
it's not a joke
if you are doing the measurements
correctly now these are just
targets but they are more meaningful
when you apply and layer other things in
analysis
like the purpose of running to liquidity
below those relatively equal lows into a
discount array which is the bullish
daily order block
when you bring that together you get
these types of results which is
perfection there's nothing better than
this folks you cannot improve upon
perfect
all right so
taking this a little bit further now
we're into a 15 minute time frame
the opening price again
is this candle here which is midnight
new york time
the opening price
that candle you extend that out in time
if you're bearish
and you are looking at your daily chart
because the majority of your analysis
should be framed on your daily chart
where is it likely to go where is the
expansion likely to
take price higher or lower that's the
main thing you're trying to look for
because that's going to carve out your
bias
so if you know that the likelihood of
price
wanting to draw down this daily bullish
order block
and we have that level of 4501 and a
quarter which is that candle's low we
don't need to have that yet
but we know that this is going to be a
draw on liquidity because it's also
below those relative equal lows that i
mentioned when we're looking at the
higher time frame chart
so all of this here is a build up into
the premium
the market then breaks aggressively what
does it create here
what happened
here we had a displacement down did that
take out that swing low yes
does it trade up into that imbalance
right here
yes
does it trade above the opening price
how many boxes did we just check off
there a whole lot
probabilities are now going through the
roof that this is bearish
then the market breaks lower trades down
to the old swing low sell side liquidity
resting below there watch what happens
we trade down through it
and then we aggressively rebalance
all this down move we come right back up
into it bearish order block
then sells off another wave into this
short term low deeper below this low
and into eventually
into the lunch hour and passed it
for the daily bullish order block
now when you look at
this type of price action
you might not see that as an entry but
it is taught to you in this mentorship
on youtube that is the lesson right here
because if you look back here we have
these highs
we trade above it
does it break below
it does does it give them a balance yes
does it trade up in here on the 9 30
opening yes
and then does it run where we want it to
liquidity
and discount array in the form of a
bullish order block yes
but
what other setups are here
because i mentioned
in my
real money real results series where i
was showing actual live account results
and proving that these things make money
not just in demo
and by the way i appreciate all the
feedback i'm getting in the commentary
section of each video in the comment
section
but
i've read a lot of the questions about
you know
what do i mean by having no more than
four trades two trades in the morning
two trades in the afternoon what did i
mean by that because i read one guy he
was saying i can't even find you know
four examples of this and i may not be
saying this correctly but you can't find
that many examples of it forming over
the course of a week let alone a few
times in intraday so we're going to walk
through
today's price action and show it
with clarity
all right so here's the opening price
again on a five minute chart here's the
15 minute time frame fair value gap and
the market trades right back up into it
about the opening price that's what it
would look like on a 5-minute chart
notice it does not look
clean
like it does on the 15-minute timeframe
let's go back up one more time
see the gap here and that run right
there at 9 30.
that
coupled
with this time frame
you probably wouldn't see that as a cell
you would want to see this filled in
but you got to look at the higher time
frame the higher time frame 15 minute
time frame is providing you the
framework it's giving you context that
okay this is all we need we don't need
it to trade up into that
it could
but we don't need it to
so when it trades up there
then it starts to break down
it rebalances
breaks down again
works into that short term low
sells off again
retracement sells off again
in here
this is your entry at the opening so in
the morning session you typically have
two to three setups because you have
volatility coming in at the opening
opening being 9 30
new york local time
that can be very tricky if you're not
really sure what you're doing
you can get caught up in the initial
volatility and offside real quick and it
can run against you aggressively and
hurt you
i prefer
to see
my students look for the initial move
to kind of like qualify what you're
expected lower prices right so does it
give it here yes it does so how can you
participate in something like that and
still
have the bias behind you and have
multiple setups that you can take well
let's take a closer look on the lower
time frame
here's the one minute chart here's that
return back up into the fair value gap
in the 15 minute time frame and wasn't
so clear with the five minute but now
look what we have here
small little imbalance there that fair
value gap right above a short term high
we trade up into that there
on a one minute chart you would see that
as a setup for the one minute chart
before i go any further
i want you to pause the video
i know some of you don't like to do this
because you just want to get through it
you're watching the video at two times
the speed because i talk slow
this is the time when you want to stop
slow down because you will cheat
yourself
out of learning
this is the little moments like when i'm
teaching my private group
these are these opportunities if you
waste them
you do not learn
the best way okay there's a good there's
a good way of learning and there's the
best way of learning and the best way is
actually participating not just casually
watching don't netflix binge watch ict
this is where you stop the video
ask your spouse or whatever this give
you a couple minutes to focus
undisturbed that way you can pull out
the things i'm trying to show you in
this lesson otherwise it's just another
you know event where i'm talking about
hindsight but what i'm showing you here
is something that repeats every single
day
this is how i can go in every single day
and take money out of the marketplace i
took the live account up another
thousand dollars today so we're over
fifty one thousand dollars and
these are the types of setups that you
can do you can find these and you don't
have to have the absolute perfect entry
at the opening you don't need that
okay that's the benefit of what i'm
sharing here publicly i want you all to
have the ability to feed yourself and
your own family
not to rely on a job
if you look for these types of setups
with this logic i am confident
that you can do what i just said
and those that really want to
supercharge it
can take it way beyond that competitions
you know whatever
but we have the logic here that's that
old short term low all i did was extend
the line out because it doesn't exist in
the chart over here because
i don't have enough of the data showing
but that short term low that was a
fulcrum point remember
that's this low here
so
i'm referencing that zone that there's
where the sell side liquidity is
but i want you to pause the video and go
through this price action and find the
setups that you would see as a shorting
opportunity if your bias was in line
with what i'm suggesting here as it
should have been being bearish
okay i'm gonna continue the conversation
if you are not ready you've missed your
opportunity
all right so the first fair value gap
here
right there because we have this short
term low
broken
with the run lower so there's
displacement there obvious displacement
very energetic and we have this candle
is high this candle is low and the
market returns back up into it you can
go short there
and look for what's the first objective
that fulcrum point that short term low
aim for the liquidity so your target
would be there
so you could do like say you did two
contracts entry here
short here too you can take one off here
let it ride and then see if you can get
that lower time frame objective later in
the day
now i don't want to take entries during
the lunch hour between noon and 1
o'clock but you can take profits if
you're doing like a partial like you did
one here
i'm sorry if you did two short contracts
here you took one off at your first
target and you want to see if you can
get the other objective if you have a
limit order at the order block level
plus you know a couple points
it could feel during the lunch hour you
don't need to be babysitting it being in
front of it then because you've already
funded your position and trade by taking
one off them here off and moving your
stop to break even and to see what it
can yield in terms of the daily range
next one is here
another short term low taken
fair value got there we trade back up
into it that's a short
you can go short here and again same
premise looking for the first run below
here that will be your target taken
there if you did multiple contracts you
would get short here take two take one
off
this might scare you
not so much probably if you were short
from up here but here could be a little
bit intimidating but if you've taken one
of the contracts off below here even if
it were to come back up and take you out
and stop you out
the first contract allows you to be
profitable so it kind of balances things
out
another one is here we have the
imbalance here
after
we aggressively move lower and then
retrace back up in this is why i'm
saying that that previous short if i was
short from here i wouldn't be worried
about this one so much because your stop
would be above here
now it got close to it
but i've been many trades over the years
where it moved within a quarter of a
point
without stopping me out
and
you know it's it's a scary feeling
especially you have a lot of size behind
your positions at the time you're in the
trade but
it's still a little intimidating because
if you
completely fulfill
your model and follow it in all the
roles and you don't want to move your
stop and you just allow the stock to be
taken there's been many instances in my
own trading where within a quarter point
it doesn't stop me out it's not like 4x
these markets a little bit more
professional
in the sense that they're much more
precise and uniform in the delivery you
don't get these wild erratic little
spikes and spreading you know of the
price action because
everybody's working with the same price
here
versus in forex
you're trading within a pool of
liquidity
within your broker's in-house
and they have a little bit of luxury
there where they can they can open that
spread on you
and that's why it's a little bit
trickier to operate in that versus
something like this market here it
doesn't mean i don't love forex still i
do but right now forex is just quiet
it's not doing
things that i would promote in my
students attention
i'm telling all my students both
in my private group and you all hear
that this is the markets that you should
be following
these these markets right here the index
features
i'm sure there'll be a time when we
transition from index features back to
forex but until i see them loosen up a
little bit in the currencies my
attention is here okay so
anyway getting short here
this is a shallow run below that old low
so we anticipate it to run a little bit
deeper and it does okay so you could
take profits below this low here as a
partial
and then
you've seen now obviously multiple
opportunities within the same
morning session
so it's also showing you how if you miss
your entry
how can you get back in line with the
marketplace
and still participate in these moves now
there are going to be days where we
don't have this many retracements back
and back and back and then goes lower
it'll be just one or two and it just
keeps on going or many times it'll be
just right at the opening and that's it
you missed it it just goes right to
where you thought it was gonna go for
the day and you can't get mad about that
you should be happy that your analysis
concepts are speaking to you with that
much clarity
and just know that because they repeat
none of you should be upset that you
missed the trade
like none of you nobody has the
permission okay you have
no right to be angry about missing a
trade
because they are like buses
okay
mass transit
buses that come by like a schedule you
know every certain
time of the hour a day these buses are
going to come around these trades are
just like that you can set your clock to
them okay they're they're gonna form
they're gonna be there
your number one goal is to understand
where is it likely to go to
where is it likely to reach for if you
have that understood
it becomes so easy to know what you're
looking for notice what i said there
it becomes easy to know what you are
looking for i did not say it's so easy
for you to make money
there's a strong contrast there okay
but by default over time once you have
been doing the things that lead to you
understanding what is you're looking for
and that part becomes easier what do you
think the default result was going to be
from that
it's probably going to be easier for you
to make money over time
okay so i'm keeping things in balance
that we understand what i'm saying
without sugarcoating it and making it
sound like anybody can walk in here and
do this it's gonna take some effort now
you're probably looking at that pink
rectangle asking yourself what the heck
is that well
that is the pm session by side liquidity
pool
what does that mean
this high here was the most energetic
one in the morning session it took us
all the way down to what
target we were looking for the daily
bullish order block
because it's friday because it hit the
daily time frame objective
it's in a discount market it's
really traded lower
end of week
there's going to be a retracement back
into the weekly range
what can it aim for well you can aim for
the liquidity resting right here because
a lot of people are going to say well
you know this is the place where my stop
should be at because i want to hold on
to this thing over the weekend
now i don't know who has the
courage to do that anymore with all the
things going on around the world i
personally don't have the courage to
hold over the weekend it's just too many
things can go wrong i'm not sitting in a
potential opportunity where it's a
thousand point gap against me you know
we start trading on sunday no thank you
i'll pass on that
but this area here is where you would
anticipate on fridays
where liquidity could be a draw because
it's going to likely pull back up into
a premium what does that mean
here's 8 30.
here's the turning point at the 9 30
rotation
so this high or we could use this high
here it doesn't make a difference but
i'm going to use this one because we're
framing the logic because this day being
bearish so this high down to the
target
if you put a fibonacci on this
low
to high and find the 50 level this is
above 50 so that means above here that's
a premium
so the market's going to move from what
a discount
to a premium
that's what the market does that's the
algorithm does it seeks
discount to premium premium to discount
within that logic
the market is reaching for liquidity in
the form of buy stops and sell stops and
or
imbalances or the creation of an
imbalance fair value gaps or returning
back to a fair value gap okay
that's all these algorithms do
and they do it on the basis of time
then price
now that's a gross oversimplification by
me but
by far and large that's all these things
do
it's not your buying and selling
pressure okay it's not the effects of
the dom okay
uh i got a lot of people asking me
because they watched me
show things in my live account and they
think i traded with the dom
i don't trade with the don okay i'm not
looking at the dom trying to read how
many orders are resting above or below
because there's
spoofing that goes on
and those orders may not be there when
the price goes there so i i don't think
that the dom is something that is useful
i'm only throwing that in here because i
saw a lot of people in the comments
asking about those types of things
and i don't use them i don't use them in
my trading and i don't think there's
anything in terms of
advantage in using it
if you believe you're being profitable
because you are don't let my comment
change your mind and i'm not trying to
open up a dialogue for debate because
you're never going to convince me okay
so
you're okay if you're using it but i'm
answering
students or viewers and that's my
opinion okay so i'm not trying to
begin a debate about it okay
so we have a pm session by celebrity
pool that the market could likely reach
up into and again the logic is
we move from this high down to a target
it's friday there's probably going to be
position squaring
they're going to want to take the market
back higher so
what are they going to reach for as an
opposing move
notice what i'm saying here
this was the target
there's gonna be short covering who's
short coloring the smart money that's
sold short here here here here here and
here
so if they're covering a short are they
bearish still no
so if they're not bearish what are they
bullish so if they're going to be smart
money and buy down here
or if they're going to use this
imbalance in here if it trades down into
that you can see it run higher
if they're going to buy it what are they
going to target
the buy stops up here
and they're going to sell right to those
buy stops
they're buying this
and selling it to these waiting buyers
and their buy stops
notice these relative equal lows they
take it into the order block right below
those relative equal lows
because it sells what
it sells the retail crowd that this was
support broken
what are they going to want to do
when it trades back up into these
relative equal lows they're going to do
what sell right that creates more
liquidity for buying
so this is engineering
buy side liquidity
on the basis of sell side
flow
sellers coming in the marketplace
these sellers they're going to have a
counterparty in the form of smart money
buying it
they want to sell short because they see
relative equal lows breaking the trends
been down
everything looks bearish to them because
it's been going down all day long so
they think naturally it's going to keep
going down
when it's only traded down to where the
algorithm says
this is what we wanted and now we're
going to reprice higher we're going to
move from a discount
to a premium
the premium intraday is going to be this
area here and that's going to be where
the market draws to
for the afternoon session buy side
liquidity
all right i was going to do the pause
the video type thing here but this is
going to be a long video so i'm just
going to go right into it
all right so we have a
mitigation block
here and i teach that in the youtube
channel
but we have market structure breaking we
come back down into the mitigation block
and we also have the imbalance here they
got there so we can be a buyer here
and remember
the
45 32 the 45 40 level
go back up to this chart here
right in here so this high
right here to here think about those
price ranges
we trade up into it here
so buying here and aiming for that
liquidity
up here
that would be your target from buying
to getting out there selling to those
waiting buy stops
the next one is here
the market trades down in
and i count you to go into your chart i
left this out for your own personal
study but if you look to the left go
over here you'll see an old high
okay old highs are a
discount array if we trade above an old
high that old high becomes a discount
array
this is where
not all the time but this is where
old highs being broken become support
that's why sometimes the books have it
right that's why sometimes your analysis
will be right about specific key highs
and lows but notice they're not always
consistent and that's the problem so you
want to know what makes a old high or an
old low real supportive resistance when
you have the logic when i'm framing here
because we know the likelihood of the
market's going to draw up into this area
here because that's where the buy stops
are resting
above the marketplace when it hit the
order block down here
so what we're saying is the market's
going to bounce from here up into this
vicinity here
so if the market comes back down in and
touches
it could have touched this high here but
there's an old height to the left over
here you'll see it it trades down and
hits that and it also fills in an
imbalance when you have that old highs
broken will act as support
so there's something for your notes
then we have the run up into that area
so it's not a bad little run
now once we get up into that shaded pink
area
what have we done we fulfilled by side
liquidity
in this area here but we have a little
bit more later on which obviously you
can see it runs too but but here we see
it do a run lower so we break below
swing low market structure shifts is
there any imbalances in here
no but there is one right there
see that
here's your favorite value gap shift in
market structure there
retraces back up into the fair value gap
you can be a seller there
and aim for this low
or the order block
or you can wait for a confirmation entry
which is
we turn here after it hits that fair
value gap
breaks lower and then we have another
break in the structure of the
marketplace on the one-minute chart
creates the imbalance here if everybody
got trades up yes it overshoots it but
we also have two fair value guys
remember the rules i gave you if you
have a fair value gap and a small one
right above it anticipate it likely
trading up into you but
use this as your entry
go short here
and aim for the order block
so
if you have
an understanding of how we're going to
work within the
intraday volatility using liquidity
using the time of day
using the day of week all these things
come together and they make a really
beautiful tapestry so you can read price
action now
i know there's a large number of you
that are going to watch this and it's
going to feel
and seem like obviously anybody can go
back in time and do these types of
things
but a lot of my trades when you see my
examples and you see the things i record
and show you they're using logic like
this
so it's not contrived it's not
form-fitted it's not cherry-picked for
the purpose of just being something to
talk about this is what you're looking
for and when you do your back testing i
got a lot of questions in the comment
section about this as well
you go through your charts just like i'm
doing here and you annotate them now in
all these areas where there's empty
space here or over here or over here
you're putting in little notations and
you're typing them out and yes it takes
time yes it's tedious yes it takes a
great deal of effort and
desire but this stuff
rewards that
like it rewards it
it's not like fantasy football where you
know who cares if your team wins
this
pays you
this is something that you can feed your
family with okay if you
need your
expenses to be reduced and you don't
want to get on a job or you're
you know you take a pay cut maybe you
had a you know job loss or whatever
this skill set can fortify
any
weak links in your financial chain okay
you want to build strength
in your ability to make income and build
legacy wealth
it's worthwhile for you to spend time
learning this and that means going back
through old charts and old moves and
literally going in and annotating the
moves like this and mapping them out and
seeing the logic that's there now
do not be afraid
that you're going to do it wrong
all of you are going to be doing it
wrong in the beginning
this is a skill set in back testing
you're trying to discover
okay you're not trying to do things
correctly in back testing
back testing is you in a mode of
discovery that proves efficacy if you
can't see things repeating then you got
to go back into the core content lessons
of this youtube channel and figured out
what it is i'm teaching conceptually
then once you understand better what it
is i'm showing you then you go back into
the old data and look for those very
things occurring then highlight the
things in your chart that makes the most
sense to you over time doing it and
frankly you should be doing this
at least a minimum of a year
okay make it a practice of doing all
that even when you start trading with
live funds
your trade journal should always have
annotations you should always have
charts saved and just
constantly referring to what you
witnessed in price
and
record it like you saw it happening and
knew it was going to happen in advance
that's called self-talk
okay you're literally tricking your
brain
into seeing your annotations as
something that you foreseen coming
and that way when you go back and you
read your journal and you study it on
the weekends or
you know whenever you go through a
period of drawdown and you need
encouragement you go back to your charts
in your journal and you'll see
annotations that you wrote out yourself
and
it tricks your brain believing that
you've seen that all along now what
happens
by doing that over time
is you have created
creases in your brain
where that knowledge and that pseudo
experience has been retained
but your brain remembers it as what
a real experience that you endured
but you're recording it with positive
reinforcement in your commentary never
put negative comments in your annotation
don't say like oh i was stupid i missed
this oh i'm so dumb i fell victim to the
shark pattern you don't do all that kind
of stuff you don't have to worry about
swimming with sharks you don't have to
worry about animal patterns you don't
need to be worried about any of those
types of things all you're looking for
is liquidity imbalances time of day
that's it
that's it that's all this game is all
about okay the algorithm is not going to
try to follow some retail logic stuff
it's based on where is the money
where's the money who's the most
easy prey right now and where is the
majority of the money and that's where
it's going to run for that's all it's
going to do
and if you
strip everything you think you know
about the markets away
and just
give me a a couple months
stay with me for a couple months here
and i promise you you will put
everything else down
and see it like this
because this is the truth this is the
perfect understanding of what makes
these markets book
that means
what makes them go up and down where
they turn why they go where they go why
are they moving when they move and why
are they arriving when they arriving at
that price point
it's all algorithmic and it has
absolutely nothing to do
with
ratios
it has nothing to do with anything
harmonic
nothing supply and demand zone nothing
to do with elliott wave nothing to do
with white golf
nothing to do with gan
none of that stuff has anything to do
with it
i literally have just
explained exactly what these markets do
that's it
there's nothing else that happens the
buying and selling pressure
it's a myth because these markets are
going to go higher regardless of how
many contracts come in if they want this
thing to go up here it doesn't require
millions of contracts to put it there
it doesn't
how many contracts does it take for this
candle to move from that opening price
to that closing price
tell me how many cam how many contracts
does it take for that to happen
it only needs two two transactions two
transactions one here and when it gaps
up here and reprices to that price point
and it offers it to the market that
price and someone comes in with a market
order what happens boom
it's it the candle has been created
two trades how many contracts it doesn't
make a difference you only need a
transaction
what
yeah
folks listen
you can sit down and listen to these
videos i'm producing
and coming with the preconceived notion
that everything i'm saying is nonsense
it's not true and it's not valid because
you don't want it to be
all i'm asking you to do
is put everything you think you
understand
put it aside for a moment
just for a little while
and go in and do the things i'm telling
you to do
i
guarantee you
you will absolutely fall in love with
this
because this is consistency
this is
consistency that you have always
hoped for but everything else just falls
short in delivering
it and you're getting it for free
and i'm loving it while giving it to you
because i know
and you're all going to see it
when all these little light bulbs come
on and all the people watching these
videos and folks this channel is growing
it's growing and this train's going to
keep on rolling
yeah
this community is getting bigger and
bigger
because it's infectious
results matter proof matters
and when students go into this
and they see the results
man
it's sweet isn't it isn't it sweet when
you see
the truth finally just laid out in front
of you
there's no trickery here
there's no twisting of your arm give me
your credit card payment
you don't you don't have to
blow
any kisses to me okay i don't need
flowers i just want you to make a real
effort
and then tell me
what your results are what did you get
from it
i promise you i'm promising you you will
find what you're looking for but you got
to put the work into it because if you
don't put the work into it
it won't matter
because you'll just think it's
too much work
and i'm telling you it only feels like a
lot of work in the beginning but once
you understand what you're looking for
like this setup here
that might be your particular setup and
this up here isn't your setup
this might be your setup here because
it's based on that old highlights you'll
find if you scroll back on your own
chart that might be your setup and not
this one down here
that's what i'm referring to when i say
when you find
your unique model that means a setup
that is so similar every time you take
it it repeats the same general idea
just in a different chart on a different
day in a different time frame
that's it that's all it is that's a
that's your unique model
you're learning how to do it with what
i'm teaching you but
where you're looking for it in what
market and what
narrative that you're looking for what
makes that setup your particular setup
that's a unique thing for you and that's
the weird
beautiful element to trading and the way
these markets operate is it allows each
and every one of us to have our own
unique model
we can all use the things i'm teaching
and all fine setups within the same
trading day and be opposed to every
individual trade setup
individually in other words we could all
be doing something and not agree with
any of it
you took a short there i was long a
little while before that or i went short
and you went along somewhere else and
you're ending a trade where i'm getting
ready to put on a trade
it's amazing
but how you internalize the market what
setup you're looking for
there's lots of them and if you break
this chart down into a 30 second chart
or a 15 second chart there's even more
setups
everything's fractal
so if you want to do high frequency
trading
you can do that with the second chart
you may not be able to pull up second
charts because you may not have the
i guess the subscription level on
trading view and i don't get any
subscription kickbacks i'm not trying to
get you to buy anything from tradingview
i'm just stating that
you can make this
however you want
and if you just want to stay on a
15-minute chart and trade a daily range
okay there's no reason to do anything
less than that but if you want to get
busy
and
pyramid your positions that means like
say you bought one down here
or say you bought
say about five down here
and you bought three here and you bought
two here and then you roll it up into
your objective that's pyramiding your
biggest position
put on first then a smaller position on
and then a smaller position and then
that that's how you build up the equity
and you get velocity in your equity
growth that way
versus buying one then buying two then
buying forward and buying eight that
that is reckless and i've done that and
i've roasted accounts doing it so
don't do that but
hopefully this is at least got your
gears turning about how you can go in
and back test a little bit um how you
can see multiple trade setups and how we
can work with higher time frame pd
arrays and
the
pd array matrix where it's discounted
premium and premium to discount and how
we use and incorporate all the different
arrays where i'm sure
someone new watching this your head's
spinning right now you're like i have a
thousand questions right now and i i
need to know this no you don't need to
know what you're asking for right now
you only feel like you need to know
right now
take the things i'm showing you at the
pace i'm showing you study them and i
promise a couple months from now you're
going to know a whole lot more than you
know right now
and you'll be able to go in and see
things in price action that you don't
even identify right now even in
hindsight
you just got to give yourself the time
and give yourself the real effort
to learn this
i've stripped it down i made it as
streamlined as i possibly could and i
promise
you will get this
and until i'll talk to you next time
be safe